In Kung Fu Chess, it is considered impolite to not trash talk your opponent when you pull off a sick combo.

According to the masters of Kung Fu at the Shaolin Temple, it is bad to hang your Queen.

If you are losing, don't despair. Come backs are always possible in Kung Fu Chess, because most people suck at the game.

Remember, as the great Bruce Lee said: be like water. Specifically try to be like the type of water that is really good at chess.

The secret to avoiding checkmate is to move out of the way really fast.

Chess is all about carefully planning your moves out in precise order, whereas Kung Fu Chess is mostly about looking cool and vibing.

Fact: Hikaru Nakamura has never, and will never achieve a black belt in chess.

If you find yourself panicking, panick harder.

It is an advantage to make surprising moves in Kung Fu Chess. The easiest way to achieve this is by making a very stupid move, your opponent will never expect that you are so stupid.

The key to sweeping your opponent's pieces is to know where they are going to move ahead of time. Of course, if you know where they are going to move you can probably just win regular, without fancy sweeps.

Kung Fu Chess is superior to regular chess, because you don't have to memorize a bunch of openings like some kind of nerd.

The easiest way to dodge pieces is to be like a Jedi and have the ability to see the future. You should probably use that power to save the world though and not win at video games.

Remember, ALWAYS bring up your Kung Fu Chess belt level on a first date.

If you find that your opponent is better than you, one easy way to even the odds is to play a lot and improve at the game.

Remember, if you lose a game, it doesn't mean you are stupid. It just means that you are stupider than your opponent.

Remember, no matter how exciting the match gets, do not Kung Fu kick your computer screen. KungFuChessOrg is not responsible for any damage.

The best way to become a black belt is to get really good at the game and win a lot.

While being good at chess doesn't necesarily translate into being good at Kung Fu Chess, being good at Kung Fu most likely means you can at least beat up anyone who beats you.

Try not to kill your own King. It might set off a wave of revolutionary terror that will eventually turn on you.

If you are struggling with standard mode, try lightning mode. You will be able to lose ten times faster, saving valuable time.

Warning: the knights do not follow the code of chivilry, and are permitted to attack peasants, women, and even members of the clergy.

Kung Fu Chess is a good metaphor for life (most of the time you have no clue what's going on and then it suddenly ends).

The biggest mistake you can make in Kung Fu Chess is teaching the pawns how to read. Once they start sharing ideas freely, your monarchy is doomed.

The most common mistake people make in Kung Fu Chess is to play against someone really good.

The most important thing in Kung Fu Chess is to have the iron will to win. The grim determination to never accept defeat. Although also...it helps if you know how to make good moves.

Kill your own king at the beginning of the match, so you can spend your life building a better society rather than throwing it away for the royal vanity of imperialist conquest.

One common mistake you should try to avoid is "screwing it up and making a really dumb move".

In Kung Fu Chess, much like in life, the most important thing to remember is that the King must die, as must all tyrants who claim mastery over their fellow man, if the Earth is ever to be free.

If you ever feel bad that your opponent beat you, just remember that you are both nerds anyway for even playing this game, so it doesn't really matter.

Try to think faster. Like way, way faster. Super-human speed, ideally.

Remember, this game is completely ad free and open source. So if you don't like something about it, we don't really care.

The best way to win is to be better at the game than your opponent. The next best way is, idk, probably to cheat or something but I'm not sure how that would work.

Fact: no current chess computer can beat humans at Kung Fu Chess. This is due to the fact that they don't know the rules.

Unlike in chess, you have to actually kill the king. This is good because it is more violent, and might lead to democratic reforms.

Don't like the game? Try adding beer to the mix.

Fact: the original Kung Fu Chess game shut down around 2007, but despite that those assholes are still domain parking kungfuchess.com

Fun fact: Mr Miyagi sucked at this game.

Always remember, only use your Kung Fu Chess skills as a last resort. A true chess martial artist attempts to avoid conflict.

I spent three years in the Shaolin Temple to improve my Kung Fu Chess, and the most important lesson they gave me was this: "please leave, we don't know what that game is."

Imagine being the kind of loser that waits for your opponent to play his turn before you can play yours in chess.

The best Kung Fu Chess players all share one common trait: they play the game a lot.

As the ancient Kung Fu Masters often said, slow positional chess is boring just take all their pieces at once.

Yes, the honorable way to end is single combat between the kings. Kings are not honorable though, and will sacrfice every piece on the board to save themselves.

Why is Kung Fu Chess better than normal chess? Because the addition of Kung Fu makes anything better. Musical? Kung Fu Musical. Romantic Comedy? Kung Fu Romantic Comedy. Office job? Kung Fu office job. Kung Fu? Kung Fu Kung Fu. See what I mean?

Eric Rosen is bad at this game because he lacks the will of a warrior.

If you ever find yourself confused as to why you lost, you should remember that the universe is ultimately unknowable.

Like Bruce Lee often said: queens are worth a bit less in this game, and pawns are worth a bit more.

If you think this game is hard, you should try MMA chess. Those guys are hardcore.

It's better to make good moves than fast moves. Unless your opponent is moving way faster than you, in which case hurry up.

Long range moves are dangerous because the board can have totally changed by the time your piece arrived. Think of it like trying to punch a guy from across the room. He will probably just move. Also you will look pretty dumb for trying it.

It's a myth that "everybody" was Kung Fu Fighting. Only the cool people were doing it.
